Studio: Add release notes for 1.6.3 (#2024)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

> 1.6.3

Reviewer: Can we keep the empty Unreleased section?

Author: https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/2024/commits/517e704a066a1193e535f04e7912b770d5786daa

==========
* Improved selective push and export to include all folders within wp-content #1940, #2006

> * Misc UI improvements #2020, #2019, #1966, #1959, #1942

Reviewer: Let's reorder those so the most impactful changes are at the top. Misc UI changes could go just before dep updates.

Author: Adjusted in https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/2024/commits/e84d096b5bbae5e583b51f41852fbff800d7ad4f

* Fixed RTL styling for some UI elements #1998
* Improved terminal apps selection across platforms #1983

> * Introduced a new developer survey in What's new modal #1973

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Introduced a new developer survey in the What's New modal #1973
```

Author: Nice catch! Fixed in https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/2024/commits/a024160e28a9c070b1587aaccda708979dc5d274

* Fixed usage progress bar display #1953
* Improved the deletion of all preview sites #1950

> * Improved tracking of the push process when the app starts #1943

Reviewer: Should we reword it to make it clearer that it's about continuing to show/report push progress after relaunch?

Author: Made some updates in https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/2024/commits/714db7f9ae1834dc8a573e24e4dfeebc72518787

> * Updated the display of staging and production sites in the Sync modal #1929

Reviewer: Would it make sense to say the following?

```suggestion
* Separated staging and production sites in the Sync modal #1929
```

Author: Nice, I was struggling to find good wording here because "untangling" that was used in the original PR did not sound good to me. I like this suggestion 👍

Author: Updated in https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/2024/commits/1fd463251eedc5532f0060084a00352ff4d5393b
